New version comparison (#109)
G-Node/GinUI: README.md

5. Setup  
A Visual Studio Installer project that builds the installer

### App Versioning

> The version of app if taken from AppVeyor build json and compared to AppVeyor project json in GIN-ui-installers repository(https://web.gin.g-node.org/G-Node/gin-ui-installers). Need to be manually edited in GinClientApp -> Program.cs -> appVersion

Reviewer: Small typo fix
```suggestion
The version of app is taken from AppVeyor build json and compared to AppVeyor project json in the GIN-ui-installers repository(https://web.gin.g-node.org/G-Node/gin-ui-installers). Needs to be manually edited in GinClientApp -> Program.cs -> appVersion
```

Reviewer: So the current version of the app is hardcoded now?  Can we have it in a file on disk that gets updated on install?
